[1.67.0] add preflight check docs (#212)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/enterprise/installing-existing-cluster-automation.md

All non-password type config items will have their value stored in `value`.
When this file is uploaded, any `valuePlaintext` will be re-encrypted if the matching config item is a type password.

### Pass preflight checks

The app manager runs preflight checks (conformance tests) against the target namespace and cluster to ensure that the environment meets the minimum requirements to support the application.

![Preflight Checks](/images/preflight-checks.png)

#### Resolve strict preflight checks

> When one or more strict preflight checks are present, the application deployment is blocked until these strict checks are ran. Strict preflight checks must not contain failures and will block the release from being deployed until the failure is resolved. A vendor may specify strict preflight checks to help enforce that specific requirements are  met before the application can be deployed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When one or more strict preflight checks are present, the application deployment is blocked until these strict checks run. Strict preflight checks must not contain failures and will block the release from being deployed until the failures are resolved. A vendor may specify strict preflight checks to help enforce that specific requirements are  met before the application can be deployed. 
```

> When installing with [minimal role-based access control (RBAC)](../reference/custom-resource-application#requireminimalrbacprivileges), the app manager recognizes if the preflight checks have failed due to insufficient privilege. When this occurs, a `kubectl preflight` command will be displayed that can be ran manually in the cluster to run the preflight checks. When the command is ran and completes, the  results are automatically uploaded to the app manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When installing with [minimal role-based access control (RBAC)](../reference/custom-resource-application#requireminimalrbacprivileges), the app manager recognizes if the preflight checks have failed due to insufficient privilege. When this occurs, a `kubectl preflight` command is displayed that can be run manually in the cluster to run the preflight checks. When the command runs and completes, the results are automatically uploaded to the app manager.
```

An example of the format for this command is below:
```bash

> curl https://krew.sh/preflight|bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl https://krew.sh/preflight | bash
```
